Document Docker iptables settings (#9760)
kubernetes/kops: docs/cluster_spec.md

    - "dm.use_deferred_removal=true"
```

### networking

> To run `docker run` commands with network and internet access, you need to enable the necessary [iptables](https://docs.docker.com/network/iptables/) rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for containers started with `docker run` instead of Kubernetes to have network and internet access you need to enable the necessary [iptables](https://docs.docker.com/network/iptables/) rules:
```
